Add Teleoperation profile (#168)
robotology/robotology-superbuild: README.md

| System  | Status | 

> |:------:|:------:|

Reviewer: Why there is this change? Travis is compiling for both Linux and macOS .

These installers will set automatically all the enviroment variables necessary to make sure that these libraries are found by CMake, and they will modify the `PATH` enviroment variable to make sure that the libraries can be used when launching the programs that use them.  

If you want to enable a [profile](#profile-cmake-options) or a [dependency](#dependencies-cmake-options) specific CMake option, you may need to install additional system dependencies following the dependency-specific documentation:
* [`ROBOTOLOGY_ENABLE_IHMC`](#ihmc)
* [`ROBOTOLOGY_USES_OCULUS_SDK`](#oculus)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`ROBOTOLOGY_USES_CYBERITH_SDK`](#cyberith)
```
?

`$ROBOTOLOGY_SUPERBUILD_INSTALL_PREFIX/share/codyco` must be appended to the `YARP_DATA_DIRS` enviromental variable.
If you are using Linux or macOS, the `$ROBOTOLOGY_SUPERBUILD_INSTALL_PREFIX/share/robotology-superbuild/setup.sh` script will append the necessary path to `YARP_DATA_DIRS`.

## Teleoperation
This profile is enabled by the `ROBOTOLOGY_ENABLE_TELEOPERATION` CMake option. 

### System Dependencies

> To run a teleoperation scenario, with real robot or in simulation, at least we need a Windows machine and Linux/macOS machine. If you are using iCub, the linux/macOS codes can be placed on the robot head. The teleopration dependencies are also related to the teleoperation scenario you want to perform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a teleoperation scenario, with real robot or in simulation, at least we need a Windows machine and Linux/macOS machine. If you are using iCub, the linux/macOS source code can be placed on the robot head. The teleoperation dependencies are also related to the teleoperation scenario you want to perform.
```

#### Teleoperation without Cyberith treadmill 

> In this scenario, we only use [Oculus](#oculus) for teleopration, and we do not use cyberith treadmill. In this case, the user can give the command for robot walking through the Oculus joypads. The dependencies for this scenario are as follwoing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, we only use [Oculus](#oculus) for teleoperation, and we do not use Cyberith treadmill. In this case, the user can give the command for robot walking through the Oculus joypads. The dependencies for this scenario are as following:
```

### Check the installation
The folder mentioned in the configuration section should contain `*.py` files which correspond to the generated python bindings. Open a python interpreter and try to import modules.

## Oculus
Support for this dependency is enabled by the `ROBOTOLOGY_USES_OCULUS_SDK` CMake option.

**Warning: at the moment the Oculus SDK does not support macOS and Linux, so this option is only supported
on Windows.**

### System Dependencies

> To check and install the dependencies please follow the steps for Oculus SDK mention [here](https://github.com/robotology/walking-teleoperation/blob/master/docs/Dependencies.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check and install the Oculus SDK please follow the steps for Oculus SDK mentioned [here](https://github.com/robotology/walking-teleoperation/blob/master/docs/Dependencies.md). 
```

### Configuration

> To configure please follow the steps for Oculus SDK mention [here](https://github.com/robotology/walking-teleoperation/blob/master/docs/Dependencies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the Oculus SDK follow the steps for Oculus SDK mentioned [here](https://github.com/robotology/walking-teleoperation/blob/master/docs/Dependencies.md).
```

> ### Check the installation

Reviewer: If there is not "check the installation" step, I would remove the section (similarly for Cyberith).

Author: Done!

## Cyberith
Support for this dependency is enabled by the `ROBOTOLOGY_USES_CYBERITH_SDK` CMake option.

**Warning: at the moment the Oculus SDK does not support macOS and Linux, so this option is only supported
on Windows.**

### System Dependencies

> To check and install the dependencies please follow the steps for Cyberith SDK mention [here](https://github.com/robotology/walking-teleoperation/blob/master/docs/Dependencies.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check and install the Cyberith SDK, please follow the steps for Cyberith SDK mentioned in [here](https://github.com/robotology/walking-teleoperation/blob/master/docs/Dependencies.md). 
```

### Configuration

> To configure please follow the steps for Cyberith SDK mention [here](https://github.com/robotology/walking-teleoperation/blob/master/docs/Dependencies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the Cyberith SDK please follow the steps for Cyberith SDK mentioned in [here](https://github.com/robotology/walking-teleoperation/blob/master/docs/Dependencies.md).
```
